docs/learn-to-code.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
slug: /
---

Learning to code can be both challenging and rewarding... but if you're just starting out it will be mostly challenging. It is helpful to set your expectations early.

It is normal skip around trying things out and continually getting stuck with things not working. Sometimes you can't even begin to follow along some exercise because you're missing dependencies, or something is not configured right, sometimes important instructions are not made explicit. Getting stuck can be extrodinarily time consuming and frustrating. The good news is: this does not mean you're not uniquely unsuitable to learn computer programming, although you may feel that way sometimes. Pretty much all developers go through this, it is completely normal.

Don't expect that you need to fully understand or recall from memory how to do everything you're learning. It is normal to refer back to documentation to figure out how to do something.

Fortunately, there are ways to make it a little easier: carefully follow instructions of resources that are well documented, impliment what you learn immediately and repeatedly, try to make time to code every day (even if only for 20mins).

Be patient. Be determined. Be consistant.

To help you get you started I would like to share some things I've learned so far, I'll show a path to get started learning the basics of software development. There is nothing for sale, you won't have to spend any money on any tools or resources. You can also reach out to me if you get stuck, or if you find something that isn't working.

## The Mission:

You will be able to develop a website, from scratch, and depoy it live to the internet!

### Overview

Here's an overview of what we will cover:

[Setup Tooling](./setup-and-tooling.md)

- terminal / bash
- text editor
- browser and developer tools

[Create a Project](./create-a-project.md)

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript

[Use git version control](./git-version-control.md)

- Create a GitHub user account
- Initialise Git in your project
- Commit your code

[Deploy your Website](./deploy-your-website.md)

- Setup hosting service
- Setup CI CD
- Deploy your project

Commit message:

tidy up setup-your-tooling page

docs/learn-to-code.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
slug: /
---

Learning to code can be both challenging and rewarding... if you stick with it. While you're just starting out, it will be mostly challenging. It's helpful to set your expectations early.

It's normal skip around trying things out and continually getting stuck with things not working. Sometimes you can't even begin to follow along some exercise because you're missing dependencies, or something is not configured right, sometimes important instructions are not made explicit. Getting stuck can be extrodinarily time consuming and frustrating. The good news is: this does not mean you're not uniquely unsuitable to learn computer programming, although you may feel that way sometimes. Pretty much all developers go through this, it is completely normal.

Don't expect that you need to fully understand or recall from memory how to do everything you're learning. It's totally normal to refer back to documentation to figure out how to do something.

Fortunately, there are ways to make it a little easier: carefully follow instructions of resources that are well documented, impliment what you learn immediately and repeatedly, try to make time to code every day (even if only for 20mins).

Be patient. Be determined. Be consistant.

To help you get you started I would like to share some things I've learned so far. I'll show a path to get started, enough to experience the basics of software development, enough for you to be able to continue on the journey forging your own path. There is nothing for sale, you won't have to spend any money on any tools or resources. You can reach out to me if you get stuck, or if you find something that isn't working.

## The Mission:

You will be able to develop a website, from scratch, and depoy it live to the internet!

### Overview

Here's an overview of what we will cover:

#### Setup your tools

- terminal / bash
- text editor
- browser and developer tools

#### Create the project

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript

#### Add Git version control

- Create a GitHub user account
- Initialise Git in your project
- Commit your code

#### Deploy your website

- Setup hosting service
- Setup CI CD
- Deploy your project
